README.md, before:

# Vagrant provision with Ansible

## Background

This Vagrant profile uses ansible to configure a local VM instance.
Then it uses Ansible to build and run docker containers for a web develop stack.

    - `data`: MySQL data volume on a Busybox container (for persistence).
    - `db`: MySQL database container.


## Get started

To use this repository to spin up a develop server, get following ready:

    1. Virtualbox
    2. vagrant
    3. Ansible

Once above packages are ready, goto to folder containing the `Vagrantfile`, simply type `vagrant up` then wait and see.


##  Hosts file (/etc/hosts) update

We need update the `/etc/hosts` file to access the VM from host machine. Add following to bottom of the `/etc/hosts` file.

```
# VM host IP and name
192.168.56.201   test.web
```

## Debug in VS code with xdebug

Add following configure in `.vscode/launch.json`:

```json
        {
            "name": "PHP - Listen for XDebug",
            "type": "php",
            "request": "launch",
            "port": 9000,
            "stopOnEntry": false,
            "pathMappings": {
                "/var/www/test.web": "${workspaceFolder}/www/test.web"
            },
            "log": true
        }
```

Commit message:

- renamed playbook names - updated variables for docker containers - updated vagrant file

README.md, after:

# Vagrant provision with Ansible

## Background

This Vagrant profile uses ansible to configure a local VM instance.
Then it uses Ansible to build and run docker containers for a web develop stack.

    - `data`: MySQL data volume on a Busybox container (for persistence).
    - `db`: MySQL database container.


## Get started

To use this repository to spin up a develop server, get following ready:

    1. Virtualbox
    2. vagrant
    3. Ansible

## Update vagrant plugin (optional)
The `VirtualBox Guest Addition` need to be updated with:
```bash
vagrant plugin install vagrant-vbguest
```

You want to check host and guest version by:
```bash
vagrant vbguest -- status
```

Once above packages are ready, goto to folder containing the `Vagrantfile`, simply type `vagrant up` then wait and see.

##  Hosts file (/etc/hosts) update

We need update the `/etc/hosts` file to access the VM from host machine. Add following to bottom of the `/etc/hosts` file.

```
# VM host IP and name
192.168.56.201   test.web
```

## Debug in VS code with xdebug
Add following configure in `.vscode/launch.json`:

```json
        {
            "name": "PHP - Listen for XDebug",
            "type": "php",
            "request": "launch",
            "port": 9000,
            "stopOnEntry": false,
            "pathMappings": {
                "/var/www/test.web": "${workspaceFolder}/www/test.web"
            },
            "log": true
        }
```
